cpp.md, before:

# C++ Users

There is a MakeFile for every C++ section. All testing is done with Google Test. You don't need to download Google Test yourself.

# Running Files Without CMake

To compile a file, use this command:

    g++ <path-to-file> -o out
    
You can replace ```out``` with whatever you want, and you can even delete the whole ```-o out``` part. If you choose to delete ```-o out```,
then you have to do the next step differently.

Run the newly made exe file with this:

    ./out
    
If you replaced ```out``` with something else, replace it here to. If you didn't add the ```-o out``` part, replace it with this:

    ./a

# [Source Code](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp)

## [Data Structures](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures)

### [Trees](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees)

#### [Binary Search Trees](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees/binarysearchtrees)

* [Binary Search Tree](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees/binarysearchtrees/binarysearchtree)

#### [Trie](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees/trie)

* [Trie](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees/trie)

## [Sorting](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting)

* [Bubble Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/bubblesort)
* [Heap Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/heapsort)
* [Insertion Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/insertionsort)
* [Merge Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/mergesort)
* [Quick Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/quicksort)
* [Selection Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/selectionsort)

Commit message:

added cmake explanation in cpp.md

cpp.md, after:

# C++ Users

There is a MakeFile for every C++ section. All testing is done with Google Test. You don't need to download Google Test yourself.

# Running Files With CMake (Recommended)

Go to the directory with the `CMakeLists.txt` file. Then make the CMake output directory using this:

    mkdir cmake-build-debug # you can call it whatever you want, but this name is git-ignored
    cd cmake-build-debug
    
Then run the CMake.

    cmake ../
    cmake --build .
    
Then run the CMake project.

    ./Algorithms

# Running Files Without CMake

Note that without CMake, you can't run tests.

To compile a file, use this command:

    g++ <path-to-file> -o out
    
You can replace ```out``` with whatever you want, and you can even delete the whole ```-o out``` part. If you choose to delete ```-o out```,
then you have to do the next step differently.

Run the newly made exe file with this:

    ./out
    
If you replaced ```out``` with something else, replace it here to. If you didn't add the ```-o out``` part, replace it with this:

    ./a

# [Source Code](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp)

## [Data Structures](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures)

### [Trees](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees)

#### [Binary Search Trees](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees/binarysearchtrees)

* [Binary Search Tree](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees/binarysearchtrees/binarysearchtree)

#### [Trie](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees/trie)

* [Trie](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/datastructures/trees/trie)

## [Sorting](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting)

* [Bubble Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/bubblesort)
* [Heap Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/heapsort)
* [Insertion Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/insertionsort)
* [Merge Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/mergesort)
* [Quick Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/quicksort)
* [Selection Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/cpp/sorting/selectionsort)
