python.md, before:

# Python Users

Python is supported, and testing is all done in pytest. You probably won't need to install it, but if you run into problems, use this
command:

    pip install -U pytest
    
If you don't have ```pip``` yet, then run ```get-pip.py```.

    python get-pip.py
    
# Running Files

Running files is extremely easy. Just use this command:

    python <path-to-file>
    
And it runs. To run a test, put the ```-u``` option before ```<path-to-file>```.

# [Source Code](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python)

## [Bit Manipulation](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation)

* [Basic Functions](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/blob/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/basic_functions.py)

### [Problems](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/problems)

* [Missing Number](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/problems/missingnumber)
* [Power Of Two](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/problems/poweroftwo)
* [Single Number](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/problems/singlenumber)

## [Data Structures](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures)

### [Trees](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees)

#### [Binary Search Trees](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees/binarysearchtrees)

* [Binary Search Tree](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees/binarysearchtrees/binarysearchtree)

#### [Trie](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees/trie)

* [Trie](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees/trie)

## [Dynamic Programming](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/dynamicprogramming)

### [Problems](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/dynamicprogramming/problems)

* [House Robber](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/dynamicprogramming/problems/houserobber)
* [Unique Paths](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/dynamicprogramming/problems/uniquepaths)

## [Sorting](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting)

* [Bogo Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/bogosort)
* [Bubble Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/bubblesort)
* [Counting Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/countingsort)
* [Heap Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/heapsort)
* [Insertion Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/insertionsort)
* [Merge Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/mergesort)
* [Quick Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/quicksort)
* [Selection Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/selectionsort)

Commit message:

finished python min heap test

python.md, after:

# Python Users

Python is supported, and testing is all done in pytest. You probably won't need to install it, but if you run into problems, use this
command:

    pip install -U pytest
    
If you don't have ```pip``` yet, then run ```get-pip.py```.

    python get-pip.py
    
# Running Files

***Make Sure You Are In The src directory before running***
Running files is extremely easy. Just use this command:

    python <path-to-file>
    
And it runs. To run a test, put the ```-u``` option before ```<path-to-file>```, or replace ```python``` with ```pytest```, like this:

    pytest <path-to-file>

# [Source Code](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python)

## [Bit Manipulation](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation)

* [Basic Functions](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/blob/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/basic_functions.py)

### [Problems](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/problems)

* [Missing Number](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/problems/missingnumber)
* [Power Of Two](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/problems/poweroftwo)
* [Single Number](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/bitmanipulation/problems/singlenumber)

## [Data Structures](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures)

### [Trees](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees)

#### [Binary Search Trees](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees/binarysearchtrees)

* [Binary Search Tree](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees/binarysearchtrees/binarysearchtree)

#### [Trie](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees/trie)

* [Trie](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/datastructures/trees/trie)

## [Dynamic Programming](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/dynamicprogramming)

### [Problems](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/dynamicprogramming/problems)

* [House Robber](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/dynamicprogramming/problems/houserobber)
* [Unique Paths](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/dynamicprogramming/problems/uniquepaths)

## [Sorting](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting)

* [Bogo Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/bogosort)
* [Bubble Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/bubblesort)
* [Counting Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/countingsort)
* [Heap Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/heapsort)
* [Insertion Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/insertionsort)
* [Merge Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/mergesort)
* [Quick Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/quicksort)
* [Selection Sort](https://github.com/nishantc1527/Algorithms/tree/master/src/main/python/sorting/selectionsort)
